## The overall plot of the game

1. ok so the background info is that this rural farming area of a vaguely greccoroman village is having super low crop yields, and some people are turning away from their usual demeter worship in favor of some new and promising judeochristian inspired monotheists preaching about the wickedness of the pantheon gods (see how theyve let you down). Main character and her father are running on their last loaf of bread and their fields are completely barren when a strange homeless looking beggar woman knocks on the door asking for spare food. mc doesnt want to give up their last meal to a stranger but the father sees through the charade: this is a classic greek god hospitality test. they give the woman some of the bread and show her good hospitality and she reveals herself to be Demeter. but before she gives you her blessing as thanks for the good hospitality, she asks you to clear her temple of the invading monotheists who have taken to it as their base. you aren't that up for it, you were even just thinking a moment ago "what good demeter's done for us lately anyway" but your father's stern look seems to change your mind. so you head over to the temple with some farming equipment as makeshift weapons, cue dungeon 1
2. 
    upon defeating the first dungeon (maybe there are puzzles, maybe its just the combat tutorial idk) Demeter reveals herself to you again in a much more godly looking form and bestows upon you an enchanted scythe and a grain bag. she instructs you to "harvest" the souls of the fallen judeochristians and keep them in the grain bag as sacrifices in her name. upon doing so you level up and get a new combat skill for the scythe! then she gives you the main quest prompt: the other pantheon gods are also suffering from the throes of local monotheist pressure. the more they convert, the harder it is for the gods to fight back, the less people believe in their power. you must defeat them and restore balance to the natural order of things. you will find help from the gods along the way